wettability , interfacial phenomena and shear strength for Al / O2Zr joining system driven by direct current we realized the wetting for molten Al on the <nUm> mol. % yttria - stabilized zirconia ( O2Zr ) with applying a direct current ( DC ) . the interfacial microstructures and shear stress were evaluated after wetting to reveal their native relationship with DC application . the results showed that not only the wettability of Al / O2Zr system but also the shear stress can be optimized by controlling the DC intensity and applying time , which strongly depends on the formation of Al3Zr at the interface of Al / O2Zr system . when the current intensity is <nUm> mA and applying time is <nUm> min , the shear stress reaches the maximum in our case . 
penetration of DH-36 steel plates with and without polyurea coating numerical and experimental studies on the impact and penetration of armor plates subjected to sub-ordnance range impact velocities by pointed and flat strikers is presented . three target scenarios are considered : ( 1 ) a blank ( unbacked ) steel plate ; ( 2 ) the same steel plate backed by a thick layer of polyurea ; and ( 3 ) two identical steel plates of half the original thickness placed on both sides of the polyurea layer . for the blank plate , two fracture mechanisms of the steel plate – shear plugging and petalling of the plates – are observed in the simulation . for the same plate with a thick polyurea coating at the back side , it is found that the polyurea coating provides additional resistance in terms of energy absorption through two mechanisms : ( 1 ) the increase in the energy dissipated by the steel plate and ( 2 ) increased energy stored in the polyurea itself . for the sandwich configuration of the target plate , where the polyurea layer is placed between two steel plates , no advantage in terms of penetration resistance is found . these numerical results agree with experimental observations on the failure modes and exit velocities . 
evaporation behavior of Ni , Cr and Fe in inconel <nUm> superalloy during electron beam smelting the electron beam smelting ( EBS ) technology was employed in refining the inconel <nUm> superalloy for the first time . the evaporation behavior of Ni , Cr and Fe in inconel <nUm> superalloy during the smelting process was investigated , which would facilitate the controlling of alloy composition . the inconel <nUm> superalloy was smelted by three groups of different power in the experiments ; the volatile regularity of Ni , Cr and Fe in inconel <nUm> superalloy was studied theoretically by calculating the element volatile of Ni-Cr-Fe ternary alloy . the experimental results show that the mole fraction of Fe remains constant before and after the experiment , while for Ni and Cr , the mole fraction are found to be above and below the level of raw material respectively . the smelting power of <nUm> kW , <nUm> kW and <nUm> kW correspond to the average temperatures of <nUm> K , <nUm> K and <nUm> K , respectively , for the melt surface . the theoretical calculation and experimental results of Ni , Cr and Fe mass loss rates are in good agreement , the model employed in calculation shows its significance in theoretical guidance for the preparation of inconel <nUm> superalloy and other nickel based superalloys . 
conductivity - based detection techniques in nanofluidic devices this review covers conductivity detection in fabricated nanochannels and nanopores . improvements in nanoscale sensing are a direct result of advances in fabrication techniques , which produce devices with channels and pores with reproducible dimensions and in a variety of materials . analytes of interest are detected by measuring changes in conductance as the analyte accumulates in the channel or passes transiently through the pore . these detection methods take advantage of phenomena enhanced at the nanoscale , such as ion current rectification , surface conductance , and dimensions comparable to the analytes of interest . the end result is the development of sensing technologies for a broad range of analytes , e.g. , ions , small molecules , proteins , nucleic acids , and particles . 
the lattice constants of ternary and quaternary alloys in the PbTe – SnTe – MnTe system the study of structural properties of quaternary pb1−x − ySnxMnyTe alloys revealed that they crystallise in a cubic structure of ClNa - type for a wide region of manganese content ( up to y = <nUm> ) . it was found from x-ray measurements and microprobe analysis that vegard 's law is obeyed . the dependencies of the lattice constants on composition for pb1−x − ySnxMny , Pb1−yMnyTe and Sn1−yMnyTe were used to extract the lattice parameter of ClNa - type MnTe phase by extrapolation . the experimental data were also used to obtain an improved estimate of the covalent octahedral radius for Mn . 